Gwen has a postdoctoral fellow from Imperial College who is working for her, Edward Collingwood. Edward has a desk in the antechamber to Gwen's office and will advise the investigators not to disturb her. If pressed he will say that she has developed a nasty temper in the last few weeks and has begun to curse him in Welsh, a language he didn't realise she spoke. He doesn't speak Welsh and is assuming that that is the language she is speaking, when in reality it is Brythonic (perhaps a KNOW roll to recognise it as being strange Welsh). In her office Gwen is appearing confused, and, contrary to the warning the investigators have heard, she is considerate and prepared to talk to them. About 10 minutes into the conversation she will straighten up and grunt as if struck before standing and telling the investigators that she must attend other matters and that they are free to go, a command not a request. Once they leave she will head out shortly after if the characters wish to return to her office.

### Clues 
Eagle eyed characters making a Spot Hidden roll will catch a glimpse of her notes, specifically: "I must get Carstairs to keep a careful watch on my office. Whomever has been breaking in to deface my notes has, once again. Its strange though, they believe they were present during the massacre. Probably one of those gullible followers of Crowley."

Gwen's research notes [[GwensResearchNotes.webp]] are hidden in a pile of papers, showing both her and Branwen's notes. There is also the torn remains of ritual notes [[Torn note.webp]], which Gwen has destroyed in disgust at their contents.

In a hidden compartment of her desk drawers is a membership roster with the members of [[The Children of the Stag]] cult and their ranks. [[Aldric Thornfield]]'s name is underlined.

There is also a receipt from Blackwall Storage Ltd. that is in the wastepaper bin

Luck rolls or Gwen returns while they are investigating. Branwen throws spells in this case, eyes rolling back into her head and Celtic runes appearing all over her face. She casts Breath of the Deep on the nearest investigator, before turning and running out of the room as Gwen reclaims her body. In any case Gwen is notably absent from now until Act III, having fled to Ynys Mons.